Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to get rid of the overflow error we saw the other time.
Okay, now I'm going to show you this again.
After successfully creating an account, the next step is to log in to the created accounts, and I
think I have an email address associated with Mark.
Poor.
My poor.
At Gmail dot com and the password is being g-a-y c and we have to click on the log in button and this
is going to take us to the customer on screen.
Now you can see we have this overflow here and the reason for this error is because there is an invisible
heart over here.
And the reason you can see this is because default, the error has a white color.
And since the background is white, so you're definitely not going to be able to see this.
Okay.
So we can click on this.
You can see it took us back to the previous route or the previous page.
Okay.
Now, one of the ways to do this is we have to head back to our VTS code and then the home screen where
we have that high bar.
Right.
Okay.
Homescreen And over here you can see we have the harbour and we have the search screen over there.
And what we can do, we can use control and B to make this slide.
Now it's in the harbour.
The harbour has a property known as automatic to automatically imply leading.
Hopefully I can pronounce that well.
Okay.
And sorry.
Automatically imply.
Then we're going to set it to force.
Okay.
That means we do not want to go back to the previous page.
It's transitive and you're not going to see it anymore.
Look can see we can no longer go black.
So this is one of the ways to get rid of that in order to stop us from going back to previous roots.
We also need this for the profile I think we have.
You can see we have this back arrow where you can see different.
It has a colour of white and we are able to see this since the background is not white.
Okay.
Now we have to get rid of that.
Right.
Okay.
So we have to do the same thing.
That is the automatically imply leading.
So we have to go to the profile screen and yeah, we are currently within the customer.
Sorry, not customer but customer scroll view.
And this custom scroll view has a property known as Seavers.
And the first child of the Seavers we had is the Seaver Harper, which is more like the Harper.
So this Seaver Harper has a has a property known as automatically imply leading.
And we have set this to first use control and se now to save and we check it out.
Definitely.
We're going to have this.
Okay.
God.
Sounds good, right?
And we can no longer go back and.
We just have to check for the cut screen.
We had it there as well.
Okay.
We're going to sort it out later and we're going to use a much better way to resolve all these issues,
all these black issues.
Definitely.
We won't be able to go back from the from the car screen.
Right.
Okay.
We're going to sort that that in the future.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.